"Now again we continue to follow the natural teaching of the great living masters that continue.
It is nugget, it is very huge. All of these great masters, one more is said, one more in everyone,
even in the entire universe, once with gold, yellow and diamonds, we won't get this kind of
teaching.
This is a nugget teaching, and the teaching says it is the heart, drug of the mother of
Stumrahini, all those enlightened. This is what they practiced, that was what they achieved,
and that's what they benefited all sentient beings. That trick, we are right in front of us,
and we are drawing that back to us, and trying to activate our beautiful qualities that we
inherited.
As Chapa pointed out, or as we went through one after another, we went through, we connected back
to the source, we connected the heart, we connected the best, we connected very, very fundamental
goal
of the teaching, and that's how all expanded. We went through, and today this is what again
we continue. So therefore, as I said always, and as a great master, one more is said, this is what
always we heard, so many times, from the great kindness voice of K.G. Vardisharabhud so many times,
again, again, resisting the beautiful motivation of the joy and appreciations, and both each other,
and as well as all this beauty, understanding of nature. This is not just, as I said many times,
we're not just doing some care work to please the lineage masters of Buddha's body. That is very
practice of ourself. Both each other is the very practice of our nature. We like to glorify that.
We like to defeat, or to dissolve, toss it, and liberate all these troublemakers,
troublemakers. That we like to cleanse and purify. That was what we really like to do. We don't
like
to suffer in sadness, the difficult troubles that we go through, and we challenge if we go through,
and all the things that go through, we don't like that. That's what we like to defeat, we like to
remove, we like to cleanse, we like to liberate. In order to this, we have to go compact to this
nature, the reality, call it, of the truth. Not just going to outskirt and burn it out.
As great master Chhapa said, that the God is inside and walking some kind of way, doing something
on
the West. West, that's completely different. The target is in some different and hidden somewhere
else.
That is not. This time, we're hidden to the right target, and that starts with both each other,
that starts with devotion, that starts with joy and apprehensions, and that we start with
purely understanding nature, where things are. As Zoki pointed out, true, pure nature is so pure,
so powerful, beautiful. There's nothing really to need to add, and to subtract anything from that.
Reality, nature, that. But duality added all day. This time, we are cleansing and purifying
what we own it, our mess, we create. Not just somebody else came and did this for us.
Also created, overloaded, forcefully that. No, it's one's own mistake, must be handled,
must be handled of the true, natural reality, and then we carry with that, that waves of the dual
ity,
waves of that, continually carried. So that is what, what is, and therefore again it is that.
All this beautiful motivation as, I mean, this is what. And then with this, we follow the teaching.